Assignment 33
----------------
By By Gavin Mcginley, Chloe Liu, Deven Maheshwari, Alex Garcia, Oscar Fishman

         General Results
Button Name     |     Sorting Algorithm
----------------|----------------------
Alpha           |     Bubble
Beta            |     Selection
Gamma           |     Insertion
Delta           |     Merge
Epsilon         |     Quick
Zeta            |     Heap

                                            Rationale

We chose data sets of size 256, 512, 1024, and 2048, doubling the size with each test run. 
Button Epsilon, when used with an ordered list, will have a large amount of moves: when run with 
256 data points it has 32640 moves. From this, we can conclude button Epsilon is a quick sort. 

Button Delta has the same number of movements whether the set is ordered or reverse, for example the
256 data points resulted in 2554 moves for the set when ordered or reversed. A merge sort splits the list 
in half and eventually pairs the remaining list as its sorting method, so for merge sorts the same amount 
of moves take place whether the set is ordered or reversed to beging with. Therefore, button Delta is the
merge sort. 

Bubble, selection, and insertion sorting are all O(n^2), however, while the best case scenario for bubble 
and selection are still O(n^2), the best case for insertion is O(n). When using an ordered list with button 
Gamma, the time required for sorting is always 0. However, for buttons Alpha, Beta, and Zeta, and list sizes
1024 and 2048, the time required varys. Therefore, button Gamma is the insertion sort.  

When a bubble sort is used on a reversed array, it makes a number of movements proportional to the list length. 
When a selection sort is used on a reversed array, it will swap the elements with the relative minmum, so it would
take half the moves when compared to a bubble sort. When comparing button Alpha, Beta, and Zeta with an ordered set, 
Alpha and Beta do not have moves, wheras Zeta does. When comparing buttons Alpha and Beta with reversed lists, button 
Beta has half of the amount of moves as Alpha does, such as with a list of length 512 where Alpha has 130816 moves and 
Beta has 65536 moves. Therefore, button Beta is a selection sort and button Alpha is a bubble sort.

By elimination, button Zeta is a heap sort. 